gdal2tiles.py: add support for webp tiles (#5745)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal2tiles.rst

The --url option is also used to substitute ``${URL}`` in the template MapML file.

WEBP options
+++++++++++++

WEBP tiledriver support is new to GDAL 3.6. It is enabled by using --tiledriver=WEBP.

The following configuration options are available to further customize the webp output:

.. option:: --webp-quality=<QUALITY>

    QUALITY is a integer between 1-100. Default is 75.

.. option:: --webp-lossless

    Use WEBP lossless compression, default is lossy

.. note::

>     GDAL WEBP driver documentation is available at https://gdal.org/drivers/raster/webp.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    GDAL :ref:`WEBP driver <raster.webp>` documentation can be consulted
```
